New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We’ll occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

We need guidance for eve-w/e workshop access and lone working #541

Open
stevesparrow opened this Issue Jul 21, 2017 · 9 comments

Comments

Projects
None yet
5 participants
@stevesparrow

stevesparrow commented Jul 21, 2017

Following from issue #246.

With the imminent advent of increased out of hours access to the workshop. We need to think about a new set of Induction procedures, which both ensure people have an excellent knowledge of all the different tools they may need to use, and clearly codify which machinery they can and cannot use when they are on their own.

I think this would involve better identifing the induction for workshop use for out-of-hours members, and ensuring the that all out of hours members have an induction for the whole workshop as part of their access.

I'd really appreciate any help here, on the sorts of things that need to be included in the induction, any out of hours procedures we may need, and what is and isn't appropriate for out of hours access usage.

At the same time we might follow up on grievance proceduresfor people using the space inappropriately. I've included links from the previous issue below.

Thanks, Steve

Sent from my Asus P027 using FastHub

@stevesparrow stevesparrow changed the title from We need guidance for eve-w/e workshop access and line working to We need guidance for eve-w/e workshop access and lone working Jul 22, 2017

@stevesparrow

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@stevesparrow

stevesparrow Jul 22, 2017

To be more specific. Would anyone like to give this a go?

To be more specific. Would anyone like to give this a go?

@amcewen

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@amcewen

amcewen Aug 24, 2017

Member

From organisers meeting, we're still looking for someone to lead driving this forward. Not necessarily to make all the decisions on it, but to gather options, issues, etc.

Member

amcewen commented Aug 24, 2017

From organisers meeting, we're still looking for someone to lead driving this forward. Not necessarily to make all the decisions on it, but to gather options, issues, etc.

@DoESsean

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@DoESsean

DoESsean Sep 21, 2017

Contributor

We need to check with current insurers about the possibility of increased premiums due to extended hours.

Lone worker vulnerability is an issue - example given at the organisers' meeting was of a beeper for anyone working on their own, but another discussion is then around who is on the other end of that beeper.

One proposal was 24hr access when available - essentially, offer far extended access and find out when people are actually interested in being in. Costs are also a factor due to increased heating and lighting of all hours access.

Contributor

DoESsean commented Sep 21, 2017

We need to check with current insurers about the possibility of increased premiums due to extended hours.

Lone worker vulnerability is an issue - example given at the organisers' meeting was of a beeper for anyone working on their own, but another discussion is then around who is on the other end of that beeper.

One proposal was 24hr access when available - essentially, offer far extended access and find out when people are actually interested in being in. Costs are also a factor due to increased heating and lighting of all hours access.

@DoESsean

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@DoESsean

DoESsean Sep 21, 2017

Contributor

Co-workers would expect 24 hr access, as it's available at other spaces. Workshop is another matter.

Contributor

DoESsean commented Sep 21, 2017

Co-workers would expect 24 hr access, as it's available at other spaces. Workshop is another matter.

@DoESsean

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@DoESsean

DoESsean Jan 18, 2018

Contributor

Look into Nottinghack's policies, and how they might transfer.

Contributor

DoESsean commented Jan 18, 2018

Look into Nottinghack's policies, and how they might transfer.

@PeterEinig

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@PeterEinig

PeterEinig Jan 21, 2018

Left a message today for Jackie1050, I think. Lone working could come under H&Srisk assessment. Hmmm something I have knowledge about. Asked to set up a meeting as my interest is Rasp. Pi and robots. Available at peter.einig@btinternet.com as well.

Left a message today for Jackie1050, I think. Lone working could come under H&Srisk assessment. Hmmm something I have knowledge about. Asked to set up a meeting as my interest is Rasp. Pi and robots. Available at peter.einig@btinternet.com as well.

@DoESsean DoESsean added H&S and removed DoES Move labels Feb 15, 2018

@amcewen

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@amcewen

amcewen Feb 28, 2018

Member

I don't think this impacts how we lay out the new space or needs to be done before we're in, so removing the Move label

Member

amcewen commented Feb 28, 2018

I don't think this impacts how we lay out the new space or needs to be done before we're in, so removing the Move label

@johnmckerrell

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@johnmckerrell

johnmckerrell May 18, 2018

Member

This was discussed in the community meeting yesterday:

Logistics of 24 hour access - issues raised around this included emergency contacts, whether we would be comfortable with random people being able to be in the space unaccompanied, safety issues regarding tiredness, and so on. We are aiming to try and get this sorted as quickly as possible, and it will be discussed at the Directors' Meeting next week

https://github.com/DoESLiverpool/wiki/wiki/CommunityMeetingAgenda20180517

We did list a few specific concerns and questions to resolve:

  • No sleeping in the space, this is not your bedroom or house, etc.
  • How to secure the building, e.g. if you're going to be in very late it would be best to close the shutter, after 9-10pm and to make sure people know how to do this.
  • What to do in case of emergencies (e.g. dial 999 first, how to let DoES know something happened)
  • Comments on bringing other people into the space, is this allowed?

We have it on the list to re-visit this at the Directors meeting on Monday and try to resolve these questions.

Member

johnmckerrell commented May 18, 2018

This was discussed in the community meeting yesterday:

Logistics of 24 hour access - issues raised around this included emergency contacts, whether we would be comfortable with random people being able to be in the space unaccompanied, safety issues regarding tiredness, and so on. We are aiming to try and get this sorted as quickly as possible, and it will be discussed at the Directors' Meeting next week

https://github.com/DoESLiverpool/wiki/wiki/CommunityMeetingAgenda20180517

We did list a few specific concerns and questions to resolve:

  • No sleeping in the space, this is not your bedroom or house, etc.
  • How to secure the building, e.g. if you're going to be in very late it would be best to close the shutter, after 9-10pm and to make sure people know how to do this.
  • What to do in case of emergencies (e.g. dial 999 first, how to let DoES know something happened)
  • Comments on bringing other people into the space, is this allowed?

We have it on the list to re-visit this at the Directors meeting on Monday and try to resolve these questions.

@johnmckerrell

This comment has been minimized.

Show comment
Hide comment
@johnmckerrell

johnmckerrell May 25, 2018

Member

We should have a separate new induction form, with a question to confirm you’ve filled in the general induction form.

We should also have the information written up (wiki page?) to give to people. First draft is here: https://github.com/DoESLiverpool/wiki/wiki/OutOfHours

Member

johnmckerrell commented May 25, 2018

We should have a separate new induction form, with a question to confirm you’ve filled in the general induction form.

We should also have the information written up (wiki page?) to give to people. First draft is here: https://github.com/DoESLiverpool/wiki/wiki/OutOfHours

Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment